Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ chiblitokyo.blogspot.com
Cheese in theTrap
What does he want me to do?
Baek In Ho.
What are you going to do?
Do you want to play the piano?
I asked if you wanted to play the piano.
Sunbae, why are you suddenly asking him that?
What are you two doing here?
Professor Sim Myeong Soo asked me to give this to you.
It seems like you have some lingering feelings left since you're hanging around here.
Be quiet. Why should it matter to you whatever I do?
Go study abroad. I'll support you.
That's hilarious.
I'm saying this because it seems like you've changed your mind.
If it's because of your pride that you're unable to agree, you don't have to be like that.
Sunbae.
Why are you speaking to him like that?
What about it?
It sounds like you're trying to pick a fight with him.
You only needed to say that you received a card
and give it to him. Then tell him, "Go and meet with him".
That's all you needed to do. Why would you suddenly bring up studying abroad?
You are skilled enough to study abroad. I'm doing this because I feel that it's a pity.
What? You think it's a pity?
From what I think, I think your life is pitiful.
You should stop, too.
I know that I have no right to get between your business with one another,
but I really wish that both of you would stop it.
I'm not going to do any more.
If you say no to this, it's going to be the end.
Completely the end.
Do whatever you want. Play the piano or not.
But.
But, don't drag Seol into it while you are hesitating.
Does the world seem easy to you?
You should be the one to live properly.
Get lost, you jerk.
Let's go. Let's go, Seol.
Episode 8
You two fight every time you guys meet.
I feel like it's not because you two really hate each other, though.
Can't you be the bigger man?
I don't like you getting close to Baek In Ho.
I don't like how you're taking sides and how you're bothered by it.
Let's not talk about this anymore.
Tomorrow is my last day of school.
Huh?
That can't be.
But is there a rule saying that we are only allowed to meet at school?
We can just date outside of school.
Then, should we eat dinner together tomorrow?
Sure.
Head in.
- You should go first.  - We're already in front of your place. Go in.
I'm always the one to go first. Hurry and go.
Let's leave at the same time.
Go.
How can I be interested in playing piano now?
Professor Hwang in International Business is looking for you regarding an internship
Thank you. I used it well.
But why didn't you use your own?
Ah, I forgot mine at home.
- Min Soo.  - Huh?
Your style... changed.
Why? Is it strange?
No, it's great. It's pretty.
High five. Nice. I'm going.
- Thank you.  - It's nothing.
Does she think she's Hong Seol or what? This is ridiculous.
Wow!
Sunbae, hello!
- Did you ask me to come here?  - Me?
When did I? I was walking by and saw you come in, so I followed.
Now that I think about it, you're going for an internship next week, right?
I really wanted to tell you something. It's great that I have a chance to now.
What do you want to tell me?
Do you think life is fun these days?
You've already lived well. Now you have an internship and a girlfriend.
By the way you've been acting lately, I still find it surprising how you sent me to Hong Seol.
How can you be so thick-skinned about it?
Is this why everyone is like, "Yoo Jeong, Yoo Jeong"? Because they've all been tricked?
This. Did you send this to me?
Pardon?
When did I?
I don't know what you're trying to do.
You should stop it now. Aren't you playing around with Hong Seol for too long now?
Sunbae. You don't even like Hong Seol.
You're going to have a fling with her, then betray her like you did me, and make her take a leave from school, right?
What the heck do you keep talking about?
The messages you sent last year,
are all here as evidence. Are you going to still going to deny it?
"Seol must like you. Tell her that you like her."
"She likes presents. Spend a lot of money on them."
"It's vacation time, right? Visit her at her prep school."
I saved all of these.
How would Hong Seol feel after seeing these? Will she stay with you
after knowing that you had a guy stalk her?
Are you scared? You're scared. Scared.
You're scared.
But there's a big misunderstanding that I'm a stalker.
You're mistaken. I've never sent those messages.
Would anything change if you deny it? This is ridiculous.
I am dumbfounded because it is so sloppy. Pick it up. Hello?
Hello?
Hey! Say something if you called, you SOB.
It is mine...
So, what exactly did you just do?
This bastard! Just how long are going to play the hypocrite?
You are trash on the inside.
Hey! What are you doing right now? You said that you'd buy us meat, so we came here.
Did you go crazy after you told us that? You did this last year, too. Are you crazy?
- It's nothing, Sunbae.  - What happened?
You guys know already. Young Gun liked Seol before.
You're dating Da Yeong yet you're still hung up on Seol?
Sunbae, that's not it. Look here. These are the texts Yoo Jeong sent until now.
Let me see.
This isn't Jeong's number. This is the way you speak, too.
Sunbae, what are you talking about?
No, the numbers are different. The numbers in the middle are different.
- Yeah.  - Jeong, have you changed your number without me knowing?
I ought to...
What game are you playing now?
- You set this up, didn't you?  - Hey Oh Yeong Gon!
Look at this son of bi*ch!
- Oh, Da Young. This is a huge misunderstanding.  - A misunderstanding?
Wow, this kid is totally crazy.
- Wow, seriously. I must have been crazy.  - Noona, Noona.
- Why are you dating him?  - Hey, Oh Yeong Gon.
I'll never eat the meat you buy me from now on.
Gyeong Hwan, you buy it! Let's eat some pork belly today.
Pork belly, okay?
Isn't that pen recorder
a bit too pathetic?
You're so sloppy and thoughtless
that it's perplexing me.
Sunbae, it's me, Yeong Gon.
The kids in my major are all ignoring me lately.
Thank you for giving me your number and forgiving me.
Is your relationship with everyone really bad?
From what I saw, Seol took good care of you last time.
Ah, you saw that?
Hong Seol was kind to me a bit.
It makes me think she likes me. What do you think?
Seol must like you.
Whom are you texting in front of me with a different phone?
Is it a girl? Who is she?
It's just a bothersome guy.
It was a guy? I thought it was girl.
Who is it? Who is this person bothering you?
Who is Oh Yeong Gon?
Who's Seol? What a loser.
Who is it? Which of the two is bothering you?
- Both of them.  - Both of them?
Wouldn't it be fine if you just stick this loser to Seol?
Should I take care of this for you? I'm extremely good at these things.
It's my specialty.
Try being honest and confessing to her.
It sounds good. It's just the way you'd speak.
I'm going to take this.
It seems like I won't be bored for a while.
I contacted him with this number for a while, though.
But why did a woman pick up?
Yoo Jeong, this jerk.
He gave me a different number to make me look stupid.
Then what's up with this woman?
A second girl? A girlfriend?
He must be two-timing.
Yeong Gon, you're too smart.
Did you guys think I'd get tricked?
Sunbae!
It's nice here. There aren't many people.
I heard that Oh Yeong Gon did something strange today.
The kids are all talking about it. What's up with him?
- It's already hard on you.  - Seol.
Once I start my internship, you have to focus on school work.
Tell me if anything happens, okay?
- Why are you smiling?  - Just because. It feels good.
This is what it feels like when you have someone to worry about you.
Don't worry. I'll do well even without you.
Cheers.
Wow look who is here!
- Sit down, sit down. Gyeong Hwan, sit down.  - What are you two doing here?
- Since we're here, let's have a farewell party for Yoo Jeong.  - Hello.
He's an intern and he has a girlfriend.
- Ahjumma, three bottles of soju, please.  - Okay.
Let's start with a drink for Seol.
Seol doesn't drink much.
You are the man.
What? You're going to down it all? Wow.
Love's will, seriously...
Wait.
Don't they need to do an initiation as a couple?
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
- Hurry, hurry, hurry.  - Kiss.
- I'll do it.  - Really?
- If you two do it, we'll do it too.  - Hey!
I don't want to. Never.
I really don't want to.
So stop it.
Male sunbaes teasing one female hoobae is too much, isn't it?
Okay, we should stop. Let's just drink.
I'm not drunk at all. I'm so good at drinking.
This is great.
Sunbae, are you okay?
Are you very drunk?
My head hurts.
It's so noisy.
Your head hurts... What do I do?
It's noisy. It's noisy.
It's noisy.
Sunbae, wait a second. Wait a second.
He's drunk.
Let's go outside for a bit. Let's leave.
Let's get out of here.
We're going to go outside for some air.
I'm not even drunk. Is he drunk?
Is it windy out? Aiyoo.
- You guys have to come back.  - You know that I liked her, right?
You know I liked her, right?
Sunbae, you're too drunk.
We're going to have to sit there. Let's sit here for a moment.
Careful, careful.
Sunbae.
Should we just ditch them?
I don't want to drink with them.
They think we're fools.
Oh, fools.
I had some people call me that in high school.
- They called you that?  - Yeah.
There are only people that want something from me besides me.
It was obvious,
but what could I have done? I just did what they wanted.
I'm more comfortable like that.
Seol, you really like me, right?
You're sincere, right?
At first, I thought you were like other people.
You really hated me.
Don't think of me as a bad person.
Sunbae.
It's fine. No one is watching.
How can I be interested in playing piano now?
Dog Fur!
Hello.
Look at her being hazy? Aren't you going into the shop?
It's too late...
Okay.
What did the person who gave you the business card say? Why did he give it to you?
Yeah.
She can't snap out of it. Why are you coming home alone? Where is Yoo Jeong?
Yeah?
Did you drink?
- Yeah?!  - The smell of alcohol is no joke. Just how much did you drink?
Where are you going? You said you are not going to the shop.
I am going home.
Has she gone mad? Did she leave her mind at the bar? Her drinking habit is too much.
I wonder if Sunbae got home alright.
Did you get home alright?
He must be really drunk.
Uhm, Seo. Good night.
You are asleep...?
How can you sleep?
Fine. I guess he can sleep because he has a lot of experience.
I can't sleep because I am not experienced...
Must be nice to have a lot of experience.
Noona, Noona. Let's have a chat.
Let go. I have nothing to say.
Noona, just a minute.
Noona that's a misunderstanding. I have no feeling for Hong Seol. Don't you trust me?
Would you trust you if you were me?
- Noona!  - Hey Oh Yeong Gon!
Did you apologize to Yoo Jeong?
He hasn't changed a bit.
I feel bad for Jeong.
How did he get hooked with a punk like him?
Enough already, acting pitiful to a girl.
- Your sunbae is talking...  - Yoo Jeong, Yoo Jeong, Yoo Jeong!
What so special about him that no one is listening to me?
Yoo Jeong! Yoo Jeong! Yoo Jeong!
I barely got the kids on my side...
Next we will talk about the halving principle and the issues surrounding it.
There are three, buried cost, opportunity cost, and trickle-up effect. Let's talk about the buried cost first.
May I sit here?
Are you still pouting?
You are so timid. I am sorry about the basketball incident last year.
Let's get over it, okay?
I can't hear the professor.
You are being too much among comrades.
We are comrades for liking Jang Bo Ra.
Right, Bo Ra is quite charming. She is petite but glamorous.
You don't know, right? I know though.
Of course you don't know. You can't possibly know.
Let's me show you something nice.
These are the pictures I took of her last year.
I can't share this carelessly because they are a bit racy.
What are you doing during the class?!
Stop it already!
Both of you get out right now!
Are you alright?
Ahh!
For me to pick this up, it is heaven's signal to get close with her.
I'll return this when we are eating later.
This is so cute, like Seol.
You are here early.
I am not Seol. I must look very similar with Seol for you to mistake me.
Seol! Hi.
You want to have lunch with me. I have something to tell you and to ask you about something.
Sit here.
Let's sit in the back.
If you did that in the military, you'd be in big trouble.
That's enough. I did wrong last year.
Right. You had fist fight during the basketball game last year.
Kids these days are really cute.
You hit Sunbae over a girl?
Apologize to Yeong Gon.
No, Sunbae—
Uh it hurts so much...
Hurry and apologize. Do you want us to make you do it?
I am sorry.
Do it properly. Not to us but properly to Yeong Gon with a 90 degree angle bow.
I am okay.
Yeong Gon! Where are you?
Noona, I am here.
Yeong Gon!
Noona!
I heard what happened. Look at your face.
You really... Why are you so bad?
- Let's go. I'll put some medicine on you.  - Uhm let's go, Noona.
I don't have pictures like that, idiot.
Hey!
- Hey your temper---
Bring your business plan by next class.
Thank you.
This is no laughing matter anymore.
If Jang Bo Ra mistook her, then everybody is like that.
Don't you think we should have a word with her at this point?
What's the big deal about her wearing a similar style of clothes?
Look at her hair. It looks just like yours.
Seol! Let's have lunch together. I have something to tell you.
She is eating with me.
I am sorry.
- This... You—  - Hong!
Isn't this yours?
What is this? You took it?
Hey!
Is it not enough to copy Hong, so you are stealing her stuff now?!
Bo Ra, why to that extent...
Explain yourself.
Don't do it.
It's mine!
It's yours?
Uh. I bought it too, why?
Did you buy it yourself? If you found it somewhere—
No. I bought it because it was cute.
From where?
K-art at the front of the school.
You guys are really weird.
Hey!
What's with her? Why is she raising her voice?
She is lying about the whole thing.
He asked me to come see him, so isn't he inside?
Excuse me.
Yeah?
Where is Professor Sim Myeong Soo?
Not sure... Hi Professor!
Yeah, hi!
You came? Come on in.
It's coming. It's coming.
What to do what do to. I should've just returned it. Why did I...
That's not true. They're the ones who made me into a strange person first...
Who did I copy, really?
- I feel so wronged.  - Min Soo?
Oh it is you, Son Min Soo!
Oh Yeong Gon...
Hey is there something wrong?
How come your complexion looks that terrible? I can't touch it, can I.
You need to recharge your trigger. Drink.
Be strong.
I really was going to return it.
But the others suddenly cornered me.
I was so startled I misspoke.
I just really wanted to be friendly with Seol.
Things turned out this way so, what should I do?
Why do you want to become closer with Seol?
Seol's pretty even when she doesn't wear expensive things,
her grades are really great and she doesn't brag.
Her personality's so kind too.
No. I don't think so.
Why?
I mean you didn't do anything wrong, while she cornered you making you a thief.
How is that kind at all?
Is that right? In my opinion you're the much kinder person.
I mean you always get crushed by Seol yet you take her side.
- Really?  - Of course.
Also Hong Seol seems to be spreading rumors nowadays that you're copying her.
To me it looked like Hong Seol was copying you a bit.
- Oh yeah?  - It did!
Oh and doing well in your studies?
When you look at the way she leads, she orders everyone else around and doesn't do any work herself. Is that what a group leader's supposed to be?
In summary, there's nothing for which Hong Seoul is better than you.
Well besides the fact that she has a boyfriend.
She's trusting in her boyfriend too much and showing off. How long do you think that'll last?
One month? Two months?
Sunbae Yoo Jeong is such a complete fool for being deceived by her, you know?
It did seem a bit weird when she said she was dating.
Right? right? Wow, you're so sharp. Be confident Son Min Soo, okay?
If you're having any difficulties, tell me everything,okay? I'm completely available. Open-minded you know. You know, right?
- Yeah  - Now I'll get going. Work hard.
- Thank you.  - No problem.
Is she really nice or naive?
Well anyway it seems that Hong Seol's going to have some trouble because of her.
Yoo Jeong's probably too busy with his internship...
It's my world!
If I comfort her a bit by her side when she's having a hard time...
What to do... what to do... Yeong Gon please go out with me.
Oh yeah, I'll think about it. I'm so f-ing cool.
Oh Yeong Gon...
These are chocolates that I bought in Belgium.
- Wow!  - And this is herbal tea that I bought in the Netherlands.
I brought them because I thought of you.
Thank you so much. I'll eat them well.
How was your trip?
It was really great! I focused on the museums.
I felt so happy seeing them in real life after only having seen the artworks in photos.
How about you, Unni? How did you spend your break?
- I uh...  - Hoobae Hong
You took the labor-management relations theory class last year, right?
You know the notes you took? Could I please just borrow them?
But that's last year's class so... I'm not sure if I still have them.
But who is this person?
Introduce yourself. He's a senior from our major.
Hello. I'm Kang Ah Yeong.
Hello. Is this person, someone really close to you, Hoobae Hong?
- Yes.  - With you? Really?
- The notes are from last year are... - Hello Ah Yeong.
I'm Kim Sang Cheol. I'm also the sunbae that Hoobae Hong trusts the most in the world.
It looks like our Ah Yeong is an art major.
Ah yes. I'm a freshman.
Wow, paintings!
Your major is just my type.
- Sunbae you only... have 5 minutes left till class.  - It's okay. But uh.
Did you have lunch? Do you want to carve steak?
We've got somewhere to go. We're busy, so. Ah Yeong let's go.
- Then uh... look.  - We're late.
Your contact info...
We're going to definitely see each other next time.
She's appeared. She's finally appeared.
You said that you've taken a break for awhile... And it shows.
- What are you talking...  - You don't have any basics down, yet you only focus on looking good.
You said you took a break for five years?
What did you do during that time?
I don't know why I'm sitting here listening to this.
What? It doesn't suit your taste?
You kept asking me to come, now I did and—
If you came at my request, now that I've seen you, go.
Professor.
- You've arrived?  - Welcome, Yeo Jin.
You don't have much time left until your recital. How do you feel?
I said I was ready, but I'm feeling a bit nervous. I can do well, right?
Of course you can.
Sit.
What are you doing there. Be on your way.
I am.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Don't be late tomorrow, okay?
Yes. Work hard.
Sunbae, did you have a good first day at work?
- I'm working. You said that you were starting your part-time job at the library today didn't you?
- It wasn't difficult?  - No. It was fine.
What's the point in saying it?
It's just like child's play.
Still it was the first thing that we got as a couple...
Mr. Baek In Ho.
What're you doing here?
Are you here to meet with the professor whose business card I gave you?
Did something happen?
I don't know.
Wow...
You're really something.
How can you study on the subway?
What are you doing this for anyway?
I just hope to get a steady job. As long as I'm not unemployed.
Why are you worried. You're a college student.
That's what I had thought too.
When I was in high school, I thought that when I become a college student anything would be possible.
Now that I've come to college,
there have been some big obstacles.
I'm most envious of those people over there.
What's to be jealous about?
They just look like a bunch of corpses.
Have you never been jealous of anyone before?
I've never done that kind of thing.
That's probably so. Since you're talented.
I don't have any particular talent, so I work hard at everything I do.
Why do you work so hard? I mean... how do you work hard?
How do I work hard...
I just do. Just do it.
Then how come I don't?
I guess it's because you're a genius, then.
Yes, Sunbae.
Right now?
Sunbae.
What brings you here?
You've came together, both of you.
- He played piano at school today.  - Hey.
- Don't go around saying useless things.  - What do you mean? It's true.
It felt weird because we weren't with each other during the day.
What nonsense.
You must've... been so busy today because it was your first day at work.
I haven't come here yet after your store opened.
Can I have dinner here?
Of course.
But, my parents are around now.
Then I can formally introduce myself.
Pardon?
What?
Looking at you talking crap.
We have to clean. Leave.
Looks delicious!
Where are you going?
Right, so you and my daughter...
Yes, I'm her boyfriend.
My name is Yoo Jeong.
Mr. In Ho, turn off the water.
I received the wreath you sent last time very n— Mr. In Ho, please be quiet.
We wondered who that caring boyfriend was.
You're also so good looking.
You must be a senior.
Are you doing any extracurricular activities?
Yes, I'm doing an internship.
I suppose you can't count an internship as a job.
What do your parents do?
Dad,
That's a bit much to ask on the first meeting...
Yes. This seems like an interrogation.
Let go. Why?
Can't I even ask my daughter's boyfriend what his parents do for a living?
No. It's alright.
My father manages a company.
Company?
What company?
Taerang Group.
- Taerang Group?  - Taerang?
The Taerang Group we all know?
Mom.
Some water please.
You're thirsty, right?
In Ho, water please.
We're sorry.
It's okay.
Your father runs a big business, I see.
Your name is Jeong, right? You haven't eaten dinner yet?
Would noodle soup be alright?
Of course. I wanted to try since Seol has praised your dishes so much.
It's anchovy stock, but I'm not sure if you eat these kinds of things
Of course, I do. I''m wondering if I'm just causing you trouble.
No, not at all.
I'll eat thankfully and well.
Uh how long have you two been dating?
I think it's been two and a half months, approximately.
It's been a while.
What about?
Are you perhaps... the first son?
I'm an only child.
Then is that place your place of work?
Why are you being like this now?
- Mother, this tastes so good!  - Oh really? Try the kimchi too. It's from the batch I just made.
The kimchi is what tastes good.
- It's good.  - It's delicious, right?
Is it better than the one you get at home? Do the maids cook for you then?
Mom. Let's eat.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh you eat so well. The stock.
It's really delicious, Mother.
Try eating it for ten years, see if it tastes good.
I've eaten well. Thank you.
You could have some fruit before you go.
It's late.
You're in such a hurry. It would've been nice to have tea and go.
We have tea at home?!
Honey... you...
Then, go on in.
Okay, have a nice date!
No, I'm just going to drop him at the car.
Don't be late!
Okay.
See you later.
Bye.
He's really super awesome.
If those two were to get married, wouldn't we have hit the jackpot?
That doesn't even make sense.
We're different on many levels.
Where did In Ho go?
Oh, In Ho.
Where did you go?
To smoke.
What is wrong with you? What's the problem? Why are you pissed off?
He is friendly, handsome and eats well.
And why did you turn on the TV there?
I ought to...
Be quiet and give me a cup of tea since you said you have some at home.
If they got married, we'd bow to Seol's boyfriend.
Ayo... Seriously..
It's been five years, you said?
What have you been doing all those years?  -What was I doing all these years?
You were put in a difficult situation because of my dad's questions, right?
It's okay. It's not like it's a proper secret.
That's a relief.
I liked your family.
Thank you for accepting them.
Sunbae, did you get home alright last night? You were really drunk.
Sure. I got home and slept well too.
The job went well too.
Did he by chance
drink and forget everything?
Seol.
Yes?
Did Baek In Ho say he'd continue to come to school?
Baek In Ho...
Well, I'm not sure.
It was our first kiss.
Did he really forget?
He must have blacked out.
What are you thinking?
Nothing.
Then. Goodbye.
I didn't forget.
I remember.
Head home safely.
♫ Please call my name again ♫
♫ If you want to know my secrets them call me out again ♫
♫ Please hold my hand ♫
♫ Please let your long hidden heart be found out ♫
♫ What to do with you, me and us? ♫
- He is my college alumnus.  - He seems to know his stuff.
Yes, yes, yes.
Oh! Bye then.
Baek In Ho, you've come again.
Felt sorry, I guess?
I came to learn.
Okay. Come in then.
This is Hanon...Hanon.
I've played piano many years. It not like you are training a mutt or anything...
Don't want to?
I'll do it.
Keep playing until I return from class.
When does your class end?
Professor.
Ah, this.
How is he a professor...?
But why do I have to play this one?
Ah, seriously... This hurts my pride...
Let's just try it first.
Ah! It's not like I'm playing around...
Just because I didn't play the piano for five years.
Let's try it. Let's try it first.
Ah.. Really.
Do I really do this?
Baek In Ho came to look for me.
I don't think he's even touched a piano.
Right. He is stiffened up a lot, hasn't he?
He was always stubborn.
I request one thing.
Please let him know that for him patience is a real talent.
Oh this is killing me.
You'd be in trouble if you were in the military.
- Hey!  - What are they doing?
Hey Jang Bo Ra!
- You need to handle Kwan Eun Tak better.  - What are you talking about?
Don't you know that he beat Yeong Geon because of you?
Does he only know how to fight...?
Then be responsible and date him or something.
You must think you're too pretty, but
don't lead everyone on and just pick one.
What did you say?!
Dating Oh Yeong Gon? Are they mad together?
So when I checked, Eun Tak was passing out coffee to sunbaes and bowing
as if he'd done something wrong. And when I asked him,
he wouldn't answer and told me not to worry.
I'm pretty sure Oh Yeong Gon did something to him first.
Just what does his DNA look like? Everything he does is weird.
I need to get him good one of these days.
Here comes imitation.
Son Min Soo!
Are you cosplaying again today?
What are you saying, cosplaying?
Seol, aren't you the one following me?
Huh?
Never mind.
That person really... Hey!
Did she eat something wrong?
Ahew that and Oh Yeong Gon are pissing me off together.
I hate them. Seol, why aren't you doing anything?
She is treating you like nothing because you are not saying anything.
You talk about the doll later for sure, huh?
Talk about it, please!
Sunbae is here.
Sunbae.
I saw all the material you sent me yesterday.
Bo Ra.
I think your video is too long. Shorten it a bit please.
Got it.
She is rough draft type. I predict she nags a lot.
And Gyeong Hwan.
You are supposed to explain about terms in leading the contracts. I think it's a bit lacking.
Please do some additional work.
Optimist with no plan.
How to control him is the key.
Sunbae Sang Cheol.
...omit the one below.
When will you send me the CEO cases? It was due yesterday.
Haven't you sent it yet?
Sunbae Sang Cheol: Please give me Ah Yeong's number.
Sorry. Sorry. It's because there was such an important occurrence at our house last night.
Aww... Hyung, you're really too much.
You had the smallest part, and yet still you didn't do it?
I said I was sorry. With the exams, and the stuff at home
all coming down on me at once, I didn't have time.
Speaking of which... about finding the compensation,
couldn't Hoobae Hong help out?
- Hong again?   - It's not deja vu again.
Do I look like a pushover?
If you get a free ride again,
I'm going to leave your name out.  - What?
Didn't you hear what Professor Kang said last time?
Any team member who is getting a free ride,
she said I can leave names out, so I'm going to do that.
Ah, I really can't believe this.
Hey, it's not like I'm not doing it on purpose!
Can't you understand that I had something going on at home?
Are you really going to treat me this way?
- That's enough. You were wrong last semester!  - Why raise your voice?
Sunbae, don't you remember how she got a D last time because of you?
I won't tolerate it if we get a D again because of you!
Why you little...
And you, Seol.
You can't threaten me saying you'll exclude my name.
- Send the CEO cases by today.  - Fine!
What time will you send it by?
He's right,. Everyone is being deceived by Seol.
If they get to know her, she's isn't nice at all.
Look at her nagging at the other kids.
- You must take care of that.  - I got it!
Anyway, I collected the materials.
Hey Min So, I received what you sent me.
Really?
You've done a lot of research.
There were things that weren't relevant.
I reorganized the good materials and sent it back to you. Did you check?
- Oh... Not yet.  - Check that out today.
I sent links that are helpful too.
If you don't understand anything, call me any time.
Okay. I'll work really hard, Sunbae.
Hey, fake Seol! Let's have a chat.
Why? What chat?
That's enough.
Don't just take it in and talk out the things that need to be talked about.
Min Soo... Should we go somewhere and have a chat?
No! I'm okay here.
- I want to talk here.  - Okay then.
That doll. Are you sure that's yours?
- The K-Art store that you mentioned, they said they don't have that.  - What?
When I saw it last time,
it looked really similar, that is why.
Can you show it to me for a bit?
You really didn't pick it up?
If Hong Seol ever does that again, scream at her.
Hong Seol hates to get attention.
Besides, the person with the louder voice will win.
I didn't! You're really funny, Seol.
I heard that I'm trying to copy you.
Now you're calling me thief?
Perhaps you have victim mentality.
Why would I copy you? And also, that doll.
I definitely bought it from that store, okay?  - Hey! What did you say?
You're really shameless.
Come and follow us. Let's go to K-Art and ask together.
- I would I go?  - Hey, stop already!
I've been watching for a while.
Without any proof, don't needlessly drag her down.
Don't you think it's too much between classmates?
Hey, Min Soo. You be the bigger person.
Hey! Where are you going? Hey!
Let's stop it. Let's go.
You are going to let her have it?!
Wow, how can we attend school being so frightened.
- You're scary.  - Ah... Seriously.
From now, if Bo Ra and Seol do that to you again, let us know.
Thank you, Unni.
That's right, you seemed cool earlier, screaming at Seol like that.
You look a little different.
Hey... You're thousand times better than Seol.
Yes, you are. I'm leaving then.
- Bye.  - Goodbye.
What are you doing, seriously?
Hey you! You're mine, so I gave a kiss.
Come here! Oh, it won't do. Let's go!
Why won't it do? Why not?
That's right, I can do it too.
Oh Yeong Gun is right.
Seol isn't better than me.
She couldn't say anything to me earlier...
- Excuse me!  - What to do? I think I stared at him too much.
- Hey, you're a student here right?  - Yes.
- Where is the music department?  - Music department?
I came to meet a friend, but I can't find where to go.
I'll show you the map of the school.
Here... if you look here.
Right now, we're here.
If you go this way and up.
Turn left and go to number eight.
Ah... So it was here.
Thank you.
The number you're trying to call...
I am in the middle of company dinner. Sorry.
That's right. Sunbae must be busy.
I should do my work too.
Oh! My pretty niece.
- Uncle.  - You're a little late today.
The school is hard? Look at your face.
Pour me a full cup of coffee.
I must study for exams.
Caffeine is not good for your body.
- Ah!  - I got you.
I'll draw out all the caffeine with the power of love.
Also, Baek In Ho is here.
I didn't throw out the piano like you asked.
He comes to clean the place and to play piano after work.
He only plays a few notes every day. He must be a beginner.
Is that so?
- Must be noisy.  - A bit.
What are you? When did you get here?
Make some noise when walking!
What's the big fuss?
I came here because uncle said you're here playing piano.
Weren't you good at playing piano?
This... I played this when I was in elementary school.
It's all because of you. I'm doing this because you gave me the card.
So you went to see the professor, huh?
- He told you to play this?  - Yes.
But this Hanon has a deeper meaning.
What's the point of talking about it when you know nothing about art?
Then do you know how to write Art in Chinese?
This...
You only know how to play Czerny.
And you are just playing Hanon now.
It was a lie when you said you played the piano well, right?
I play it really well.
You really do. Your hand can reach from there to here.
What? Say that again.
No, I've never seen
up this close before.
- Do you want to learn?  - Really?  - Yes!
I can't live after you dissed me.
Tell me if you have any requests. Do you even know any music?
- You can only play Czerny.  - Not true.
Was he like this when he was in high school?
It feels really nice.
I don't know! I don't know.
The later part...
I play this the best.
This is the only one, right?
Even if the small things come like ripples,
they are still just ripples.
Just as everyone else does,
I can endure it.
Anything other than this?
♫ For still not being able to say ♫
♫ When I see you, I ♫
♫ As though nothing had happened ♫
♫ As though I have no interest, like that ♫
That loser bastard, just let me see him.
Let's just commute with me. I think that'll be the best.
Take me in for a while. I got kicked out of my place suddenly, thanks to someone.
- So?  - Hong Seol called today.
Just understand that I am doing my best to keep my cool about the thing you did today.
How did we end up like this? We were so close back then.
Seol, I came to apologize.
It's not just the reports, though.
Was it really you who sent him those texts about me liking Oh Yeong Gon?
Yes, it was me.
I want to be close to you, But I can't.
I liked you because you were really like me.
- We are different.  - What about you, Sunbae?
What kind of person are you?